<h1 align="center">
 EU Digital COVID Certificate: Quality Assurance
</h1>

<p align="center">
    <a href="#about">About</a> •
    <a href="#how-to-contribute">How to Contribute</a> •
    <a href="#licensing">Licensing</a>
</p>

## About

This repository contains a curated selection of verified testdata signed with keys from the DCC ACC environment. 
* All DCC variations found in this repository are either in production or soon to be in production. 
* **All DCC verifier apps should be able to decode and verify** the DCCs in this repository. (Some DCCs might be expired with valid signature.)

For testdata generated by member states that has not been curated, contains a high variance of testdata and is open to ongoing contribution, please visit: https://github.com/eu-digital-green-certificates/dgc-testdata.

## How to contribute

Contribution and feedback is encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md). By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

Please note that this is a repository intended only to contain specific curated and verified content. Generally speaking this means that if you intend to contribute testdata, please create a pull request at https://github.com/eu-digital-green-certificates/dgc-testdata instead.

## Licensing

Copyright (C) 2021 T-Systems International GmbH and all other contributors

Licensed under the **Apache License, Version 2.0** (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.

You may obtain a copy of the License at https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS"
BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for the specific
language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
